[DOCU-3190] Version picker in Runtime Manager Quickstart (#5508)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/runtime-manager/runtime-instances/index.md

> **Notes:** 
> * Runtime Manager includes a feature called Runtime Launcher which can be used with any of AWS, Azure, or GCP. This feature is currently in tech preview.
> * Kong does not host runtime instances. You must install and host your own.

> > * Runtime Manager allows users to select the Gateway version that they want for their Quickstart scripts (except for cloud provider quickstart scripts for AWS, Azure and GCP). This allows customers to leverage official Konnect scripts to start their gateways while reducing the number of errors due to an invalid script for a certain gateway version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Runtime Manager allows users to select the {{site.base_gateway}} version that they want for their Quickstart scripts (except for cloud provider quickstart scripts for AWS, Azure, and GCP). This allows you to leverage official {{site.konnect_short_name}} scripts to start your gateways while reducing the number of errors due to an invalid script for a certain {{site.base_gateway}} version.
```
